<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
    <title>CSS Styling Test - EPUB3:Max and Min Height/Width</title>
    <link href="css/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <h1>Max and Min Height/Width</h1>

    <div class="testframe">
      <p>This is to test max-height properties. If the following text is limited to 25px in height and scrolls, the test passes.</p>
      <p class="max-height-test-1">This is a test. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="testframe">
      <p>This is to test max-width properties. If the following text is limited to 50px width and there is no scroll bar, the test passes.</p>
      <p class="max-width-test-1">This is a test. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="testframe">
      <p>This is to test min-height properties. If the following text area extends past the text, the test passes.</p>
      <p class="min-height-1">This is a test. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="testframe">
      <p>This is to test min-width properties. If the following text area (grey) extends past the text, the test passes.</p>
      <p class="min-width-1">This is a test. This is a test.</p>
    </div>

  </body>
</html>
